why did she have so long to die you
don't understand he's coming back he's
getting stronger can you really say that
there's no part of you that recognizes
us not the cure for your loneliness I
can feel the rage churning underneath my
skin
you're afraid that this is the real you
so come on just show us what you really
are
bring me in the bar me
[Music]
back to me memories the pain her song
ring he'd do every bone in my body
what is it I don't know I think it means
we're too late
I still believe there's good in you the
person that is in there is not the man
that you loved
what is this still a way to save what's
left of Coulson Coulson died a year ago
I'm done pretending like that didn't
happen if I see a chance to get Coulson
back I'm going to take it you're here to
join me I'm hunting you you're not
hunting you longing for me shows up
he'll be wearing the face of someone who
trusts I make you question everything
you see and everything you know fate of
the world as always let's go finish this
day
you've always been capable of more than
you think
not do it
[Music]
this will be the hardest thing you have
ever done
[Music]
you